# testing publishing a page on to github.
	- hurray it works.
	- now to publish the rest of the files.
	- need to import them first.
- pasting the old files
	-
	  hello, this is my first time using logseq.
	- it's easy, considering i used workflowy before. it's kind of @workflowy with no page graph feature. so with logseq, we can see the link to our files visually.
	- web based, it's cool, so i can edit my files everywhere.
		- dark mood is always great.
		- now let's learn on how to use it more
		- i can mark my entry with `#` , like #logseq
		- i can also mark a text as a new file like this [[new file]]
	- the file structure (i think):
		- a set of files creates a graph
		- so if you need to create a new set of files, it means you need to create `a new graph` .
		  this is how you create a [[new file]]
	- hey i just made a new file using `[[]]`
	- you can use the double square brackets now, and start to create the file later if you feel like it's time for you to create the file. otherwise, just let it be a tag.
	- so you can use `[[]]` to tag something, similar to `#`
	- now how to [[embed link]]
	  this is how you [[embed link]]
	- here's for youtube.
	- <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/bpTu2xLpbWs" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
	- just paste the embed link from youtube here.
	- but don't forget to add a bullet then paste the embed link in between bullet. that can save you time to add more bullets below the embed link.
	- then does logseq has a [[present mode]] ?
	  and [[present mode]]
	- yes you have. so you can present your ideas directly form logseq page.
	- workflowy can't do that. i think... at least as for today.
	- like obsidian, you can create a `backlink` to link a new file to previous connected files.
	- just mention the name of the file [[test-logseq]] .
	  logseq to github
	- don't forget you can directly publish your notes to [github](github.com) .
	- just create a link with your github account if you have it already.
	- easy... at least for now.
	- then when you finish, klik the yellow button on the upper right hand side and select `push` .
	- let's try it now, i hope my feeling works.